Adds a new example to New-SelfSignedCertificate (#3606)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/pki/New-SelfSignedCertificate.md

`localhost` and with subject alternative name set to **IPAddress** `127.0.0.1` and `::1` via
**TextExtension**.

### Example 10

```powershell
$params = @{
    Type = 'Custom'

>     Subject = 'CN=Patti Fuller,OU=UserAccounts,DC=corp,DC=contoso,DC=com'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Subject = 'CN=Megan Bowen,OU=UserAccounts,DC=corp,DC=contoso,DC=com'
```

    TextExtension = @(
        '2.5.29.37={text}1.3.6.1.5.5.7.3.2',

>         '2.5.29.17={text}upn=pattifuller@contoso.com' )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        '2.5.29.17={text}upn=meganb@contoso.com' )
```

    KeyUsage = 'DigitalSignature', 'CRLSign', 'CertSign'
    KeyAlgorithm = 'RSA'
    KeyLength = 2048
    CertStoreLocation = 'Cert:\CurrentUser\My'
}
New-SelfSignedCertificate @params
```
This example creates a self-signed client authentication certificate in the user `MY` store. The
certificate uses the default provider, which is the `Microsoft Software Key Storage Provider`. The

> certificate uses an `RSA` asymmetric key with a key size of `2048` bits. The certificate has it's key
> usages set to `DigitalSignature`, `CRLSign` and `CertSign`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
certificate uses an `RSA` asymmetric key with a key size of `2048` bits. The certificate's key
usages are set to `DigitalSignature`, `CRLSign`, and `CertSign`.
```
